README.md, before:

# Create React App:
    npx create-react-app netflixgpt

# Setup Tailwind CSS:
    1. npm i -D tailwindcss
    2. npx tailwindcss init
    3. configure: tailwind.config.js:
        content: [
            "./src/**/*.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}",
        ],
    4. add below code in App.css (also include App.css in App.js)
    @tailwind base;
    @tailwind components;
    @tailwind utilities;

    5. npm run start

# Features:
    Login/Signup Page
        SignUp and SingIn Screen
        redirect to Browse Page after login
    Browse Page: (only come after authentication,)
        Header,
        Main Movie
            Trailer in background
            Movie title, description, play button
        Movies list
            multiple rows of movies..
        Horizontaly Scroller..
    Netflix GPT
        search Bar
        Movie suggestions

rafce: React Arrow Function Component export.

# Setup React Router DOM
    npm i -D react-router-dom

Formik library.. (best for Form creation, validation....)

/**
 * Setup tailwind
 * Setup Routing
 * Header
 * Login
 * SignUp
 * Form Validation

# Setup FireBase App and then:
        npm i firebase
 * Authentication steps
 * Install firebase CLI:
        npm i -g firebase-tools (globally use sudo if you are using -g)
        firebase login
        firebase init
    
    npm run build
    deploy command: 
        firebase deploy   (to deploy our app on firebase..)
 *  Live URL:  https://netflixgpt-ecff3.web.app

  Create SignUp User Account
  Now Log in User

    Setup Redux toolkit
        npm i -D @reduxjs/toolkit
        npm i react-redux

 Implemented SignOut feature
 Update Profile also
 Fetch Movies data from TMDB   

 Bug Fix, logged user and withou login user redirecting...   
 Bug fix for : Unsubscribe when component unmount...

# Add HARD coded value in content.js file

Now go to TMDB site:
    Login to TMDB
    go to edit profile
    go to API on left side (find API Key)
    if you not create an APP, then create an app then you will get your API key and access token..

Call now_playing API on /browse page.
NOTE:  React does extra rending of your comp to check inconsistency between call

Now create a custom hook and try to move api call code to custom Hook in browse Component...

Fetch data for Trailer data to show on Background...
Embeded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute.

Now create Browse Page to show all the movies getting from API:



  
 
 */

Commit message:

implemented toprated, popular, trending, nowplayig movies api's on browse page using custom hooks.

README.md, after:

# Create React App:
    npx create-react-app netflixgpt

# Setup Tailwind CSS:
    1. npm i -D tailwindcss
    2. npx tailwindcss init
    3. configure: tailwind.config.js:
        content: [
            "./src/**/*.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}",
        ],
    4. add below code in App.css (also include App.css in App.js)
    @tailwind base;
    @tailwind components;
    @tailwind utilities;

    5. npm run start

# Features:
    Login/Signup Page
        SignUp and SingIn Screen
        redirect to Browse Page after login
    Browse Page: (only come after authentication,)
        Header,
        Main Movie
            Trailer in background
            Movie title, description, play button
        Movies list
            multiple rows of movies..
        Horizontaly Scroller..
    Netflix GPT
        search Bar
        Movie suggestions

rafce: React Arrow Function Component export.

# Setup React Router DOM
    npm i -D react-router-dom

Formik library.. (best for Form creation, validation....)

/**
 * Setup tailwind
 * Setup Routing
 * Header
 * Login
 * SignUp
 * Form Validation

# Setup FireBase App and then:
        npm i firebase
 * Authentication steps
 * Install firebase CLI:
        npm i -g firebase-tools (globally use sudo if you are using -g)
        firebase login
        firebase init
    
    npm run build
    deploy command: 
        firebase deploy   (to deploy our app on firebase..)
 *  Live URL:  https://netflixgpt-ecff3.web.app

  Create SignUp User Account
  Now Log in User

    Setup Redux toolkit
        npm i -D @reduxjs/toolkit
        npm i react-redux

 Implemented SignOut feature
 Update Profile also
 Fetch Movies data from TMDB   

 Bug Fix, logged user and withou login user redirecting...   
 Bug fix for : Unsubscribe when component unmount...

# Add HARD coded value in content.js file

Now go to TMDB site:
    Login to TMDB
    go to edit profile
    go to API on left side (find API Key)
    if you not create an APP, then create an app then you will get your API key and access token..

Call now_playing API on /browse page.
NOTE:  React does extra rending of your comp to check inconsistency between call

Now create a custom hook and try to move api call code to custom Hook in browse Component...

Fetch data for Trailer data to show on Background...
Embeded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute.

Now create Browse Page to show all the movies getting from API:

created MovieList and MOvieCard page
Fetching:
    TOP RATED
    POPULAR
    TRENDING
    NOW PLAYING Movies list

Created custom Hooks for each type of movie we are feching..
